README.md, before:

## Oracle Enterprise Manager 13.2.0.0 for Puppet 4

### Software
- linuxamd64_12c_database_1of2.zip  ( 12.1.0.2 )
- linuxamd64_12c_database_2of2.zip
- em13200p1_linux64.bin   ( 13.2.0.0 )
- em13200p1_linux64-2.zip to em13200p1_linux64-7.zip

### Vagrant
Update the local path of the /software share in Vagrantfile to your own DB & EM software location

### EM DB steps
- vagrant up emdb

### EM App steps
- vagrant up emapp

### default urls
- Enterprise Manager Cloud Control URL: https://10.10.10.25:7799/em
- Admin Server URL: https://10.10.10.25:7102/console

````
this information is also available at:

 	/oracle/product/13.2/em/install/setupinfo.txt

 See the following for information pertaining to your Enterprise Manager installation:


 Use the following URL to access:

 	1. Enterprise Manager Cloud Control URL: https://emapp.example.com:7799/em
 	2. Admin Server URL: https://emapp.example.com:7101/console
 	3. BI Publisher URL: https://emapp.example.com:9801/xmlpserver

 The following details need to be provided while installing an additional OMS:

 	1. Admin Server Host Name: emapp.example.com
 	2. Admin Server Port: 7101

 You can find the details on ports used by this deployment at : /oracle/product/13.2/em/install/portlist.ini
````


### passwords
- em weblogic Welcome01
- em sysman Welcome01
- db sys Welcome01

Commit message:

Summary: update set up for VMs behind proxy
Changes: 
  - comment out the swapfile configuration
  - unset proxy during EM installation
  - add proxy setting for emapp 
  - update README.md

README.md, after:

## Oracle Enterprise Manager 13.2.0.0 for Puppet 4

### Software
- linuxamd64_12c_database_1of2.zip  ( 12.1.0.2 )
- linuxamd64_12c_database_2of2.zip
- em13200p1_linux64.bin   ( 13.2.0.0 )
- em13200p1_linux64-2.zip to em13200p1_linux64-7.zip

### Vagrant
Update the local path of the /software share in Vagrantfile to your own DB & EM software location
If you are behind a proxy, then make sure you have install the vagrant plugin: vagrant-proxyconf; 
and then uncomment the follwing proxy setup according your proxy setting in the Vagrantfile:

#  if Vagrant.has_plugin?("vagrant-proxyconf")
#      config.proxy.http     = "http://<your proxy server>:<port>/"
#      config.proxy.https    = "https://<your proxy server>:<port>/"
#      config.proxy.no_proxy = "localhost,127.0.0.1,.example.com"
#  end

### EM DB steps
- vagrant up emdb

### EM App steps
- vagrant up emapp

### default urls
- Enterprise Manager Cloud Control URL: https://localhost:7799/em or https://10.10.10.25:7799/em
  (with user sysman)
- Admin Server URL: https://localhost:7101/console or https://10.10.10.25:7101/console
  (with user weblogic)
- BI Publisher URL: https://localhost:9801/xmlpserver or https://10.10.10.25:9801/xmlpserver
  (with user weblogic)

````
this information is also available at:

 	/oracle/product/13.2/em/install/setupinfo.txt

 See the following for information pertaining to your Enterprise Manager installation:


 Use the following URL to access:

 	1. Enterprise Manager Cloud Control URL: https://emapp.example.com:7799/em
 	2. Admin Server URL: https://emapp.example.com:7101/console
 	3. BI Publisher URL: https://emapp.example.com:9801/xmlpserver

 The following details need to be provided while installing an additional OMS:

 	1. Admin Server Host Name: emapp.example.com
 	2. Admin Server Port: 7101

 You can find the details on ports used by this deployment at : /oracle/product/13.2/em/install/portlist.ini
````


### passwords
- em weblogic Welcome01
- em sysman Welcome01
- db sys Welcome01
